Sir?
I don't want to give you a happy life.
I want to compensate
Lu Yun
These gifts are yours, these are congratulatory gifts.
I will prepare another bride price.
What? These gifts are all sent by Lu Yun.
Compared to these gifts
These gifts from the Sun family are not on the table at all
We have a 10 billion contract
He is 100 times the size of the Sun family
How much more?
Or the famous book of Hengyuan Group as a gift in person
Famous book Lu Yun, you didn't brag
I knew you could cure Xueqing's illness
Must not be an ordinary person
I don't think so. It seems that Xueqing is not a stupid girl
He has a better eye than most people
Impossible. He's a rural beggar
How could I possibly come up with these to disappoint you?
But I just took out enough
If you really have this ability
You're going to be a duck.
I will still be bitter haha after retiring for three years
What's not just my 1%?
Mr. Sun can't accept it
These gifts are genuine.
But it must not be you who accepts it.
Hengyuan Group is not related to you
Why give you 10 billion
Girl, this is a bad joke
Don't worry, it's all king.
Some of these people don't believe it
Then you say it yourself
Who arranged these gifts?